Add `--ws-max-queue` parameter (#2033)
Kludex/uvicorn: docs/settings.md

* `--http <str>` - Set the HTTP protocol implementation. The httptools implementation provides greater performance, but it not compatible with PyPy. **Options:** *'auto', 'h11', 'httptools'.* **Default:** *'auto'*.
* `--ws <str>` - Set the WebSockets protocol implementation. Either of the `websockets` and `wsproto` packages are supported. Use `'none'` to ignore all websocket requests. **Options:** *'auto', 'none', 'websockets', 'wsproto'.* **Default:** *'auto'*.
* `--ws-max-size <int>` - Set the WebSockets max message size, in bytes. Please note that this can be used only with the default `websockets` protocol.

> * `--ws-max-queue <int>` - Set the WebSockets maximum length of the queue that holds incoming messages size. Please note that this can be used only with the default `websockets` protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--ws-max-queue <int>` - Set the maximum length of the WebSocket incoming messages queue. Please note that this can be used only with the default `websockets` protocol.
```
